We have:
G=(V,E), 
V={set of houses}
E={the connections of cables between houses}
$\forall e\in E$ w(e):=the latency for a edge 
P={ set of vertices (houses) which need to be provided with internet}

> Def'n 
> P-vertex := $v\in G$ | $v \in P$

> Def'n 
> P-component := component of size 2 (I may make this size of 1) or more which contains exacly one P vertex but no more.

> Lemma
> The servers should be put on the p-vertices.

Algorithm 0: 
1. Order E(G) by w(e) ascending
2. Remove the edges from G in this descending manner (smallest weight edge first)
3. Keep track of the forming components. (Time complexity probably bad)
4. Whenever a P-component is formed give index i and i++;
5. Each p-vertex will have an index i. This index tells the order you have to remove the servers from the p-vertices.
6. This indexes can be found using a max Kruskal's as explain in algorithm 2.
7. Now we have the order of p-vertices but we have to find how much latency will be added when we  remove the server from a p-vertex.
8. This can be done using a min Kruskal's; (have to make this more precise)


Algorithm 1:
1. Perform max Kruskal's on G.
2. The first p-vertex you encounter label it with index i=0; i++
3. Every time you merge a P-component for the first time with another component you label the p-verted belonging to that P-component with i and i++;
4. Each p-vertex has an index assign to it correlating with the time of the first merge with the other components expect the p-vertex with index 0 which is assign when it was found for the first time.
5. Order the set P by this index, descending. This is the order you have to remove the p vertices. In other words this is the order you have to remove servers from clients.
... (Not finished yet)
There are a lot of problems here. I assumed that all the edges a p-vertex is and endpoint are not connected to another p-vertex (not true). The way to solve to label those vertex the same i index. (i have to elaborate on this.)




>k is the number of servers

Proof: induction on i=0 till i=k-1:
Invariant: The out vector contains the minimum number of value added for each k in range k to k-i.
For i=0 out={0} which is true because every server its at every house in p.
For i=1 